# Exercise 9

## Exercise statement

I hope song lovers like your original song.
But let's make several fixes to it.

- Modify an existing line of your song to make it better by replacing some
existing verses,
- Also add some new verses at the end of your song.

Now if you remember the previous exercise you noticed that you just made a new
`feature` by adding new verses at the end of your song, but you also made some
`fixes` for existing ones.

Often when you will develop on your application you will modify multiple files
at a same time. Adding some new features, fixing some other ones, making some
refactoring to make your code easier to read, and sometimes all of that in the
same file!

So you worked hard to do everything you had to do, but now you want to make sure
your git history looks clean. How can you create multiple separate commits from
a single file changes?

- Find a way to craft your `feature` and `fix` commits by including only the
relevant part of the file for each commits,

For this particular command, it can be a bit hard to interactively craft your
commits using command line.
[I wrote an article (in French 🇫🇷) on how to do it with VSCODE](https://medium.com/just-tech-it-now/des-commits-git-aliment%C3%A9s-par-ajouts-de-lignes-avec-visual-studio-code-9b49ffe3737c).

- Push the modifications on the remote branch (`feat/my-super-songs`),
- If you are happy with what you have produced, merge the `feat/my-super-songs`
branch into the `main` branch.

## Useful links

- https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Interactive-Staging

